now we will show you small tricks
processing
pines on a lathe for that to us
need a wide frame but the consequences
take the Russian and the month exists
several ways of holding rice
some keep it straight to handle
preparation
some tilted
in a straight line the same as if you deploy it under
a slight angle
the creation will then be different
we must not start from the middle
small movements
again you will see that wood
almost smooth though it is a Christmas tree
finish ripping off all the workpiece
many ask a question how i'm sharpening
cutter angle
purely arbitrarily I do not know under what
the angle and i totally have me just
the hand is well filled for. something like this if
even you have happened here
some rounding sharpening it does not matter
it's all right it's not practical
not work zone and if you take more wax
he has a completely different sharpening
will he he he just everything
Art can work that such
What is this taco a little bit for.
differently and everything now we take
try to do here what the workpiece
detail
one frame
Again girth hands but you can order here
how convenient for anyone
but
and
because as somoni on the pocket with us
here he is in the way
if you do even a large number
blanks and even if they will stand
about 10 min meters from each other
size when grinding almost no
Well, as practice shows
you pass everything here only to clean a moment
little and all